Update the review checklist to address common external PR problems (#13744)
ethereum/solidity: ReviewChecklist.md

It is also meant to serve as a final checklist for reviewers to go through before approving a PR.

## Before You Submit a PR
- [ ] **Do you have any other open PRs?**
    Work on a PR is not done until it is merged or closed.

>     Our reviewing capacity is limited, so we ask external contributors to work on no more than one PR at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Our reviewing capacity is limited, so we require that external contributors work on **no more than one PR at a time**.
```
We can reword this if need be, but I feel that 'ask' is too soft of a word to use in this context, and makes it seem optional rather than mandatory. In addition, we should mention that if an external contributor has open more than one PR concurrently, the oldest (chronologically) will be left open, and the rest will be closed.

Author: I didn't want to sound too harsh here (regardless of quality, these are people basically donating their time to us). Also this is more of a rule of thumb than a strict requirement. There will often be times when someone has more than one. #13743 is a good example - I requested it myself, so I'm not going to close it just because the submitter has another PR :) In some cases we may also ask people to extract a part as a separate PR.

But ok, I can make it stronger. Maybe it's ok to say it's strict but not really be 100% strict about it...

Reviewer: Maybe add `unless otherwise specified/requested` or some such, but I'd err on the side of being strict so we don't end up bloating our PR queue again :man_shrugging:

Author: Added.

It is also meant to serve as a final checklist for reviewers to go through before approving a PR.

## Before You Submit a PR
- [ ] **Do you have any other open PRs?**
    Work on a PR is not done until it is merged or closed.
    Our reviewing capacity is limited, so we require that external contributors work on **no more than one PR at a time**.
    - If your PR is not getting reviewed, feel free to bring it to our attention on the [#solidity-dev](https://gitter.im/ethereum/solidity-dev) channel.
    - Unless they were requested, we are going to close any excess PRs, leaving only the earliest one open.
        You may reopen them, one at a time, when your current PR is done.
- [ ] **Is the issue ready to be worked on?**

>     - If the issue does not have a desirability label (`nice to have`, `should have`,
>         `must have eventually`, `must have`, `roadmap`) we have not yet decided whether to implement it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - If the issue does not have a desirability label (`nice to have`, `should have`,
        `must have eventually`, `must have`, `roadmap`) we have not yet decided whether to implement it.
```
- I would remove the **must have eventually** (it's meaningless).
- What is the difference between **should have** and **must have**? Wouldn't it be simpler to just categorize as what we must have and not have (even if not right now)?

Author: Marking as resolved since this is unrelated to the PR and we discussed it on the chat.

    - Review updated files before committing them.
        **Are expectations correct and do updated tests still serve their purpose?**

## Abandoned PRs
- [ ] **Is the submitter still responsive?**

>     - If the PR had no activity from the submitter in the last 2 weeks (despite receiving reviews and our prompts) we consider it abandoned.

Author: We did not agree on any specific time frame so this still up for discussion.

Reviewer: It's 3 weeks for auto close, right? Stale label after 14 days, and then an auto-close after another 7 days, right @r0qs?

Author: Yes, but this actually does not apply to external PRs right now :)

I'll change to 3 weeks, though technically, it does not have to be the same. We could technically consider it abandoned right when it becomes stale even though it didn't get closed yet.

Reviewer: Oh, don't bother doing that now, we can wait for next week so every can chime in.

- [ ] **Is the abandoned PR easy to finish or relevant?**
    - Apply the `takeover` label if the PR can be finished without significant effort or is something that actually needs to be done right now.
        Otherwise close it.

>         It can still be taken over later or reopened by the sumitter but until then we should not be getting sidetracked by it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        It can still be taken over later or reopened by the submitter, but until then we should not be getting sidetracked by it.
```

## Light Review

> Before an in-depth review, it is recommended to give new PRs a round of quick, superficial review.
> It should not be an attempt to give complete and detailed feedback but instead give the submitter a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before an in-depth review, it is recommended to give new PRs a quick, superficial review, which
should not be an attempt to give complete and detailed feedback ,but instead give the submitter a
```

rough idea if the PR is even on the right track and let them solve the obvious problems on their own.

Light review should focus on three areas:
- [ ] **Are there any obvious mistakes?** Style issues, bad practices, easy to identify bugs, etc.
- [ ] **Is there anything missing?** Tests (of the right kind), documentation, etc. Does it address the whole issue?

> - [ ] **Is it the right solution?** Are there better ways to do this? Is the change even necessary?

Author: Does this sound right?

Reviewer: I think it sounds good and covers everything. The only thing I would change is to say
```
Light review should focus on the following three areas in a descending order of priority:
```
And then basically reverse the order of your list. For example, if a PR uses a completely wrong approach, or doesn't even address the problem properly, then it's not even worth it to go over style, spelling, etc.

Author: Well, for me this is actually the order in which I do things. The last point is the most important but I usually don't know the answer before I'm done reading the PR. On the other hand I can point out style issues and mistakes as I go and doing that costs me almost nothing - it would be more annoying if I actually had to do another pass through the PR just for that.

Reviewer 3: Maybe we should not enforce any order, because people may have different styles/approaches.

    - Review updated files before committing them.
        **Are expectations correct and do updated tests still serve their purpose?**

## Abandoned PRs
- [ ] **Is the submitter still responsive?**

>     - If the PR had no activity from the submitter in the last 3 weeks (despite receiving reviews and our prompts) we consider it abandoned.

Reviewer 2: This is something we should narrow to 2 weeks in the near future as we're ramping up our reviewing capacity.

Author: Changed back to 2 weeks. Some current PRs are well beyond even the 2 week limit so we have to treat them specially anyway - no reason not to have the final rule here already.

- [ ] **Is the abandoned PR easy to finish or relevant?**
    - Apply the `takeover` label if the PR can be finished without significant effort or is something that actually needs to be done right now.
        Otherwise close it.
        It can still be taken over later or reopened by the submitter but until then we should not be getting sidetracked by it.

## Light Review
Before an in-depth review, it is recommended to give new PRs a quick, superficial review, which
is not meant to provide complete and detailed feedback, but instead give the submitter a rough idea
if the PR is even on the right track and let them solve the obvious problems on their own.

Light review should focus on the following three areas:
- [ ] **Are there any obvious mistakes?** Style issues, bad practices, easy to identify bugs, etc.
- [ ] **Is there anything missing?** Tests (of the right kind), documentation, etc. Does it address the whole issue?
- [ ] **Is it the right solution?** Are there better ways to do this? Is the change even necessary?

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the answers above are "Yes, Yes, No" Thank the contributor for their effort and **close the PR**.
```

Author: Done.
